example_SGE_submit_command.sh:
    You could copy paste that line into the terminal on the HWNI cluster,
    or you could type `bash example_SGE_submit_command.sh`
example_SGE_MATLAB_submit_script.sh:
    This is the main script that will start MATLAB and run your script inside the job.
example_SGE_input_list.txt:
    This is where you specify the different inputs you want each job to run the script with.
    One input per line, nothing else. One job will start for each input.
example_SGE_options.txt:
    This is not necessary, so you could run the submit command without the -o flag.
    -o tells SGE where to put the text output of the job (should be a directory)
        This file contained whatever MATLAB would spit out in the command window,
        as well as the output of the echo commands in the .sh script (e.g., stdout)
        default: your home directory, which can get crowded if you run a bunch of jobs
    -e tells SGE where to put the error text output of the job (hopefully empty!)
        This file would contain any errors (e.g., stderr)
        Default: your home directory
    -v defines some variables that you can use in the .sh script, which you could use
        to define other inputs to your MATLAB script.
        NOTE: all of these variables will be strings inside your MATLAB script, so if
        you want a number input to MATLAB, add a line to the start of your MATLAB script
        the converts the variable from string to whatever you need it to be
    -l can be used to request larger amounts of memory for a job
        NOTE: If you ask for a lot of memory, it may take a while for your job to start
        while the cluster waits for a machine with that much memory to open up. If you
        don't request enough memory though, SGE will kill your job.
        Default: 2GB
    -n will be the name of your job, which appears if you check it with qstat
        It can only be up to 10 characters.
        Default: the name of your MATLAB script (I think...)
